 I am currently reading Rich Christeansen's book called 'Blind Sighted', and I had 3 thoughts come into my mind as I was reading it and have come to the conclusion that I want to start keeping a journal. My mission was very difficult for me emotionally and spiritually (there were certainly plenty of physical challenges too, but those have never been as hard to overcome). I kept a journal religously on my mission, and the reason that I started is because I was a rule follower, and I wanted to follow the rules to a tee where I could, and wanted to be blessed for it.

 Since coming home from my mission, nothing has been very easy. There have been good times but on a whole I have been dissapointed by my perfomance - or the outcome of events many times over. Where as I used to have a feeling of naive optimism into every encounter that I went into, I now have a cynnical outlook, and find it harder to make myself believe that I can acheive the impossible like I once did.

 I have always been told that I am very 'coachable' which was in context to when other people told me how to improve I would implement the changes quickly and not revert back to old habbits. This is true of my own lived experience as well. When something does not work, I learn from that quickly and change my behaviour accordingly. And in so doing it is difficult for me to listen to advice that is contrary to my lived experience.

 All this is to say that I wanted to keep a journal of the last 6 years, but I hated the contents of them. I figured that the experiences that I had and was going through was not something I wanted to remember in the future, or something that I wanted someone else to learn about me in the future. The things that happened were best left untold.

 I frequently make excuses when I hear about other people's success, saying things like: 'If COVID didn't hit immediately upon me coming home from my mission, I wouldn't have become a recluse. I would not have suffered from depression as severely as I did. I would have more friends. I would have moved out at the start of the summer semester to SLCC and that would have never scarred the relationship that I have with my family. I would not have that loser mentality that I have had for years, or at least had to fight for years, that losing mentality being the default. I would have dated and found someone to marry earlier, back before I fell away from the church, before I lost my hair, before I lost my self esteem, and before I switched majors to computer science and became conditioned to believing that every minute I spend with friends or having fun, is a minute that I will feel miserable at school trying to make up for the things that I missed or fell behind on.

 When I came back from my mission I was amped. I had put in the work and was ready to work hard again and to be blessed for my diligence. I created a resume and applied to several places (in person) and I basically had a job in two days (I wouldn't start working till 2 weeks later when the paperwork was finished). I lost the chubbiness that I had for the whole mission in a couple of months by waking up early to exercise, lifting weights, running, eating properly and studying diet and nutrition. I tried to reconnect with friends although many of them had already moved on. The ones that had not moved on then moved on very quickly after coming home from their missions.

 I was always kind of seen as the golden child, the kid that was good looking, charismatic, had a bunch of spunk, was optimistic, hard working, relatable, friendly, the cool kid at school, the one who girls flocked over, who was going places. Now I feel like I have thoroughly broken out of that mold. Everyone else went on to get married before me and start families. They cruised through school, dating, and career and are now facing bigger problems and are being recognized as bigger players. I feel like I have been left behind.

 Why do I connect with the outcast so well now? Not out of pity but out of empathy? I never have been empathetic, but after I have experienced a situation I do not forget how it made me feel. I can recall on these experiences and relate to others on a deeply personal level.

 Why do I like sad songs? I never used to like music that was depressing in nature but now it feels like home. I never felt depression like I have in the last 8 years while I was in high school.

 Why when reading Rich's book do I love to read and relate to the struggles, but I become disgusted in hearing about his success that I never had? Reading about his fairy tale love story makes me think of girls that I have thought that way about, but it never worked out. I wasn't good enough, prepared enough, was too beaten down, etc. When I read his book and hear what an awesome mission experience he had - it frustrates me. I can't say I did have an awesome mission experience. I wish I did, and I certainly did everything that I could to make it great, but in thinking about it I want to hide in a shell and never have the topic brought up in my mind by me or anyone else ever again.

 I want so badly to become a new person. To not have the baggage that I do, to go back to the living with such naive optimism. To living with a resolute determination to always be improving, to become better. To have that winning mentality.










































