## Message from Steve

I just got a text from Steve this morning that said "Hey! I would love to catch up if you have time today, the negotiations are proceeding." This is not a direct quote but covers the gist. I don't really know what to make of this message. He will likely have some updates for me and ask how I have been and whatnot then say ask me about how I am feeling about the job.

I feel that I want to be loyal to Spencer. He has only ever been good to me and honestly I see following the route with him to be the best decision I could make. My reasoning for this is because he continually impresses me with the way that he handles situations. He handles criticism like a champ, he has a lot of knowledge, and he pushes me to become a better version of myself. Choosing this route with him will not pay as well, and I know that. It will not be as consistent. It will be more confusing. But it will be more fun. It will be leaning into ways of thinking and behaving that are in my nature but that I have suppressed.

So when Steve says how are things going with you and Spencer? Things are going very well, we are in the middle of one project, we just lined up another project yesterday, and we have other meetings with clients scheduled. That is 100% truthful. 

I do like working on projects with Steve, but when I am not working on a project with Spencer it feels like something is missing.

## Conversation with Spencer

I had a very good conversation with Spencer yesterday where we both talked about our thoughts on the business and I told Spencer why I was mad at him and he continually surprises me with how he wants to grow and how much faith he has in me. I told him about how his anxiety makes me more anxious and that makes me angry. I told him that I felt that if he is going to be a fireball that I have to be the rock (in the business relationship and the friendship) and he said no, you can be a fireball too, and when we need a rock one of us will cool down and become the rock. He then told me that he wants me to tell him when he is stepping over bounds, when he needs to just cool it. I told him how I was nervous to let out the dark energy in me and he told me that he had my back.

I asked him: "Are you my friend first and business partner second, or the other way around?" And he said, "That is a great question. At times for the sake of the friendship I will be your friend first, and at times for the sake of the business I will be your business partner first." I really liked his answer and how he did not shoot down my question but treated it as an opportunity to establish trust and boundaries.
